index.md, before:

---
layout: default
---
![Pixels](assets/splash.png){:.full.pixels}


[OS Component Template](https://github.com/jimmac/os-component-website) is a project that aims to greatly simplify creating a  website for your project. It aims to let you write simple markdown pages and deploy the simple jekyll project to [gitlab](https://gitlab.org) or [github](https://github.com).
 
Edit a bit of metadata and tweak some of the included graphics and have a site up in minutes!


- Proper favicon for modern browsers and Apple device icons
- Twitter, Facebook and other social media meta cards for easy sharing. Try [Share Preview](https://flathub.org/apps/details/com.rafaelmardojai.SharePreview) to test.
- Local copy of the amazing [Inter font](https://rsms.me/inter/). No slowdowns pulling from external hosting.
- Mobile friendly, dark variant included.


## Setup

The process of setting up the site locally consists of:

- Install ruby [gem bundler](https://bundler.io/). On [Fedora](https://getfedora.org/)/in the [Toolbx](https://containertoolbx.org) you do:

```
toolbox enter
sudo dnf install rubygem-bundler
cd os-component-website
bundle install
```

- Edit the [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) config file --`_config.yml`.
- Replace or edit all the graphics. I recommend using [Inkscape](https://inkscape.org). If you want to shave off some kB out of the SVGs, use [svgo](https://github.com/svg/svgo).

- Test the site locally:
```
bundle exec jekyll s
```

- `git commit` your changes and push to your remote repo for automatic deployment. There is an included `.gitlab-ci.yml` that should be easy to adjust to your gitlab hosting situation. For github pages situation, [see these instructions](https://pages.github.com/). 

Alternatively you can be wild and edit the site directly on github using the remote VSCode editor by pressing `.` after cloning the repo. Right in the browser. It's insane.

Written with love using [Apostrophe](https://flathub.org/apps/details/org.gnome.gitlab.somas.Apostrophe).

Commit message:

initial plan for silverblue website

index.md, after:

---
layout: default
---
![Pixels](assets/splash.png){:.full.pixels}

# Fedora Silverblue
### The future of computing, today.

Designed from the core to be stable, easy to use, and modern—oh, and excellent for developers.

## Immutable. Inimitable.

Silverblue uses an “immutable” design—that is, the core of every install of the same version is identical, and it never changes as your computer is used. That makes Silverblue more stable than other OSes, but also excellent for developers using containers.

## Updated fast. Fast to update.

There’s a new major version twice a year with refinements to the core apps, desktop experience, and underlying technologies. Bug fixes and improvements are released nearly every day. And installing updates is fast—just continue using your computer, and they’re applied the next time you restart.

## Reliable with rollbacks.

Even in the face of catastrophic failure, Silverblue’s design is superior. If an OS update doesn’t complete for some unforseen reason, it just won’t be applied. And if too much tinkering leads to something going wrong, simply roll back to the previous version and you’re back up and running.
